content/talk/sfv-2hdm-pheno-2019/index.md, before:

+++
title = "Spontaneous Flavor Violation and the 2HDM"

# Talk start and end times.
#   End time can optionally be hidden by prefixing the line with `#`.
date = 2019-05-08T19:53:54-04:00
#date_end = 2019-05-08T19:53:54-04:00
all_day = false

# Schedule page publish date (NOT talk date).
publishDate = 2019-03-15T19:53:54-04:00

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Samuel Homiller", "Daniel Egana-Ugrinovic", "Patrick Meade"]

# Location of event.
location = "University of Pittsburgh"

# Name of event and optional event URL.
event = "Phenomenology Symposium 2019"
event_url = ""

# Abstract. What's your talk about?
abstract = ""

# Summary. An optional shortened abstract.
summary = ""

# Is this a featured talk? (true/false)
featured = false

# Tags (optional).
#   Set `tags = []` for no tags, or use the form `tags = ["A Tag", "Another Tag"]` for one or more tags.
tags = []

# Markdown Slides (optional).
#   Associate this page with Markdown slides.
#   Simply enter your slide deck's filename without extension.
#   E.g. `slides = "example-slides"` references
#   `content/slides/example-slides.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `slides = ""`.
slides = ""

# Optional filename of your slides within your talk folder or a URL.
url_slides = ""

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this talk with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter your project's folder or file name without extension.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references
#   `content/project/deep-learning/index.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""
url_video = ""
url_code = ""

# Featured image
# To use, add an image named `featured.jpg/png` to your page's folder.
[image]
  # Caption (optional)
  caption = ""

  # Focal point (optional)
  # Options: Smart, Center, TopLeft, Top, TopRight, Left, Right, BottomLeft, Bottom, BottomRight
  focal_point = ""
+++

Commit message:

Added Talks and Project Pages
Added talk and project pages.
Put summaries of some talks, and categorized talks and papers by project.
Added project summary pages for SFV and di-Higgs production.

Other minor changes to homepage.

content/talk/sfv-2hdm-pheno-2019/index.md, after:

+++
title = "The Spontaneous Flavor Violating 2HDM"
draft = false

# Talk start and end times.
#   End time can optionally be hidden by prefixing the line with `#`.
date = 2019-05-08T19:53:54-04:00
#date_end = 2019-05-08T19:53:54-04:00
all_day = false

# Schedule page publish date (NOT talk date).
publishDate = 2019-03-28T19:53:54-04:00

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Samuel Homiller", "Daniel Egana-Ugrinovic", "Patrick Meade"]

# Location of event.
location = "University of Pittsburgh"

# Name of event and optional event URL.
event = "Phenomenology Symposium 2019"
event_url = "https://indico.cern.ch/event/777988/"

# Abstract. What's your talk about?
abstract = "Strong constraints on flavor-changing neutral currents (FCNCs) naively imply that flavorful new physics must be at scales far beyond the reach of the LHC or future colliders. Assuming the new physics is flavor blind or has a Standard Model-like structure avoids these bounds but severely limits the potential phenomenology. In contrast, we present an alternative flavorful Ansatz for beyond the Standard Model physics: Spontaneous Flavor Violation (SFV). SFV allows for new physics to couple preferentially to first and second generation quarks while maintaining much of the protection from FCNCs present in the Standard Model. As an explicit example, we consider the SFV Ansatz applied to the two-Higgs doublet model. We present the distinctive phenomenology that arises in heavy charged Higgs production and light Higgs Yukawa enhancements, and emphasize the complementarity between flavor and collider physics observables."

# Summary. An optional shortened abstract.
summary = ""

# Is this a featured talk? (true/false)
featured = false

# Tags (optional).
#   Set `tags = []` for no tags, or use the form `tags = ["A Tag", "Another Tag"]` for one or more tags.
tags = []

# Markdown Slides (optional).
#   Associate this page with Markdown slides.
#   Simply enter your slide deck's filename without extension.
#   E.g. `slides = "example-slides"` references
#   `content/slides/example-slides.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `slides = ""`.
slides = ""

# Optional filename of your slides within your talk folder or a URL.
url_slides = ""

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this talk with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter your project's folder or file name without extension.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references
#   `content/project/deep-learning/index.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""
url_video = ""
url_code = ""

# Featured image
# To use, add an image named `featured.jpg/png` to your page's folder.
[image]
  # Caption (optional)
  caption = ""

  # Focal point (optional)
  # Options: Smart, Center, TopLeft, Top, TopRight, Left, Right, BottomLeft, Bottom, BottomRight
  focal_point = ""
+++
