content/author/admin/_index.md, before:

+++
# Display name
name = "Samuel Homiller"

# Username (this should match the folder name)
authors = ["admin"]

# Is this the primary user of the site?
superuser = true

# Role/position
role = "Ph.D. Candidate"

# Organizations/Affiliations
#   Separate multiple entries with a comma, using the form: `[ {name="Org1", url=""}, {name="Org2", url=""} ]`.
organizations = [ { name = "C.N. Yang Institute for Theoretical Physics, Stony Brook Unviersity", url = "http://insti.physics.sunysb.edu" } ]
#{ name = "Physics Department, Brookhaven National Laboratory", url = "https://www.bnl.gov/physics/HET/" } ]

# Short bio (displayed in user profile at end of posts)
bio = "Ph.D. candidate at the YITP at Stony Brook University."
#and DOE SCGSR awardee at Brookhaven National Laboratory."

# Enter email to display Gravatar (if Gravatar enabled in Config)
email = "shomiller@gmail.com"

# List (academic) interests or hobbies
interests = [
  "Beyond the Standard Model Particle Physics",
  "Higgs Boson Physics",
  "Effective Field Theory",
  "Electroweak Symmetry Breaking",
  "Flavor Physics",
  "Baryogenesis",
  "Machine Learning Applications",  
]

# Organizational groups that you belong to (for People widget)
#   Set this to `[]` or comment out if you are not using People widget.
user_groups = ["Researchers", "Visitors"]

# List qualifications (such as academic degrees)
[[education.courses]]
  course = "Ph.D. in Physics"
  institution = "Stony Brook University"
  year = "Expected Summer 2020"

[[education.courses]]
  course = "B.S. in Physics"
  institution = "University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign"
  year = 2015

[[education.courses]]
  course = "B.S. in Mathematics"
  institution = "University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign"
  year = 2015

# Social/Academic Networking
# For available icons, see: https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/widgets/#icons
#   For an email link, use "fas" icon pack, "envelope" icon, and a link in the
#   form "mailto:your-email@example.com" or "#contact" for contact widget.

[[social]]
  icon = "envelope"
  icon_pack = "fas"
  link = "#contact"  # For a direct email link, use "mailto:test@example.org".

[[social]]
  icon = "twitter"
  icon_pack = "fab"
  link = "https://twitter.com/shomiller2"

[[social]]
  icon = "inspire"
  icon_pack = "ai"
  link = "https://inspirehep.net/author/profile/S.Homiller.1"

[[social]]
  icon = "orcid"
  icon_pack = "ai"
  link = "https://orcid.org/0000-0002-0063-6856"

[[social]]
  icon = "arxiv"
  icon_pack = "ai"
  link = "https://arxiv.org/search/?query=Homiller&searchtype=all"

[[social]]
  icon = "github"
  icon_pack = "fab"
  link = "https://github.com/shomiller"

# Link to a PDF of your resume/CV from the About widget.
# To enable, copy your resume/CV to `static/files/cv.pdf` and uncomment the lines below.
[[social]]
   icon = "cv"
   icon_pack = "ai"
   link = "files/cv.pdf"

+++
I am a Ph.D. candidate at the <a href=http://insti.physics.sunysb.edu>C. N. Yang Institute for Theoretical Physics (YITP)</a> at Stony Brook University, working with Professor <a href=http://insti.physics.sunysb.edu/~meade>Patrick Meade</a>. Starting Fall, 2020, I'll be a member of the <a href=https://hetg.physics.harvard.edu/home>High Energy Theory group at Harvard University</a>. From Fall 2018 to Fall 2019, I was a visitor at Brookhaven National Laboratory, working with Sally Dawson as part of the DOE SCGSR (Graduate Student Research) Program. I did my undergraduate work at the University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign where I graduated in 2015 with a B.S. in Physics and a B.S. in Mathematics.

Commit message:

Updated Bio, Harvard Theme, etc.
First big update since graduation. Updated bio to reflect postdoc status, changed theme colors to Harvard crimson, and changed main profile picture.
Also updated CV to latest version, and added a featured image to recent SMEFT fits paper.

content/author/admin/_index.md, after:

+++
# Display name
name = "Samuel Homiller"

# Username (this should match the folder name)
authors = ["admin"]

# Is this the primary user of the site?
superuser = true

# Role/position
role = "Post-Doctoral Fellow"

# Organizations/Affiliations
#   Separate multiple entries with a comma, using the form: `[ {name="Org1", url=""}, {name="Org2", url=""} ]`.
organizations = [ { name = "High Energy Theory Group, Harvard Unviersity", url = "https://hetg.physics.harvard.edu" } ]
#organizations = [ { name = "C.N. Yang Institute for Theoretical Physics, Stony Brook Unviersity", url = "http://insti.physics.sunysb.edu" } ]
#{ name = "Physics Department, Brookhaven National Laboratory", url = "https://www.bnl.gov/physics/HET/" } ]

# Short bio (displayed in user profile at end of posts)
bio = "Post-Doctoral Fellow in the HETG at Harvard University."
#bio = "Ph.D. candidate at the YITP at Stony Brook University."
#and DOE SCGSR awardee at Brookhaven National Laboratory."

# Enter email to display Gravatar (if Gravatar enabled in Config)
email = "shomiller@gmail.com"

# List (academic) interests or hobbies
interests = [
  "Beyond the Standard Model Particle Physics",
  "Higgs Boson Physics",
  "Effective Field Theory",
  "Electroweak Symmetry Breaking",
  "Flavor Physics",
  "Baryogenesis",
  "Machine Learning Applications",  
]

# Organizational groups that you belong to (for People widget)
#   Set this to `[]` or comment out if you are not using People widget.
user_groups = ["Researchers", "Visitors"]

# List qualifications (such as academic degrees)
[[education.courses]]
  course = "Ph.D. in Physics"
  institution = "Stony Brook University"
  year = "2020"

[[education.courses]]
  course = "B.S. in Physics"
  institution = "University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign"
  year = 2015

[[education.courses]]
  course = "B.S. in Mathematics"
  institution = "University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign"
  year = 2015

# Social/Academic Networking
# For available icons, see: https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/widgets/#icons
#   For an email link, use "fas" icon pack, "envelope" icon, and a link in the
#   form "mailto:your-email@example.com" or "#contact" for contact widget.

[[social]]
  icon = "envelope"
  icon_pack = "fas"
  link = "#contact"  # For a direct email link, use "mailto:test@example.org".

[[social]]
  icon = "twitter"
  icon_pack = "fab"
  link = "https://twitter.com/shomiller2"

[[social]]
  icon = "inspire"
  icon_pack = "ai"
  link = "https://inspirehep.net/author/profile/S.Homiller.1"

[[social]]
  icon = "orcid"
  icon_pack = "ai"
  link = "https://orcid.org/0000-0002-0063-6856"

[[social]]
  icon = "arxiv"
  icon_pack = "ai"
  link = "https://arxiv.org/search/?query=Homiller&searchtype=all"

[[social]]
  icon = "github"
  icon_pack = "fab"
  link = "https://github.com/shomiller"

# Link to a PDF of your resume/CV from the About widget.
# To enable, copy your resume/CV to `static/files/cv.pdf` and uncomment the lines below.
[[social]]
   icon = "cv"
   icon_pack = "ai"
   link = "files/cv.pdf"

+++
I am a Post-Doctoral Fellow at the <a href=https://hetg.physics.harvard.edu>Center for the Fundamental Laws of Nature at Harvard University</a>, working with Professor <a href=http://users.physics.harvard.edu/~mreece/>Matthew Reece</a> on various topics in High Energy Theory and Particle Phenomenology. Prior to joining the group at Harvard, I obtained my Ph.D. as a part of the <a href=http://insti.physics.sunysb.edu>C. N. Yang Institute for Theoretical Physics (YITP)</a> at Stony Brook University, working with Professor <a href=http://insti.physics.sunysb.edu/~meade>Patrick Meade</a>. I also spent some time as a visitor at Brookhaven National Laboratory working with Sally Dawson as part of the DOE SCGSR (Graduate Student Research) Program. I did my undergraduate work at the University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign where I graduated in 2015 with a B.S. in Physics and a B.S. in Mathematics.
