content/talk/helhc-triplehiggs-fnal-2018/index.md, before:

+++
title = "Measuring the Higgs Trilinear Coupling at an HE-LHC"

# Talk start and end times.
#   End time can optionally be hidden by prefixing the line with `#`.
date = 2018-04-05T19:52:52-04:00
#date_end = 2019-03-25T19:52:52-04:00
all_day = false

# Schedule page publish date (NOT talk date).
publishDate = 2019-03-25T19:52:52-04:00

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Samuel Homiller", "Patrick Meade"]

# Location of event.
location = "Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory"

# Name of event and optional event URL.
event = "HL/HE-LHC Meeting"
event_url = ""

# Abstract. What's your talk about?
abstract = ""

# Summary. An optional shortened abstract.
summary = ""

# Is this a featured talk? (true/false)
featured = false

# Tags (optional).
#   Set `tags = []` for no tags, or use the form `tags = ["A Tag", "Another Tag"]` for one or more tags.
tags = []

# Markdown Slides (optional).
#   Associate this page with Markdown slides.
#   Simply enter your slide deck's filename without extension.
#   E.g. `slides = "example-slides"` references
#   `content/slides/example-slides.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `slides = ""`.
slides = ""

# Optional filename of your slides within your talk folder or a URL.
url_slides = ""

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this talk with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter your project's folder or file name without extension.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references
#   `content/project/deep-learning/index.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""
url_video = ""
url_code = ""

# Featured image
# To use, add an image named `featured.jpg/png` to your page's folder.
[image]
  # Caption (optional)
  caption = ""

  # Focal point (optional)
  # Options: Smart, Center, TopLeft, Top, TopRight, Left, Right, BottomLeft, Bottom, BottomRight
  focal_point = ""
+++

Commit message:

Added Talks and Project Pages
Added talk and project pages.
Put summaries of some talks, and categorized talks and papers by project.
Added project summary pages for SFV and di-Higgs production.

Other minor changes to homepage.

content/talk/helhc-triplehiggs-fnal-2018/index.md, after:

+++
title = "Measuring the Higgs Trilinear Coupling at an HE-LHC"

# Talk start and end times.
#   End time can optionally be hidden by prefixing the line with `#`.
date = 2018-04-05T10:30:52-05:00
#date_end = 2019-03-25T19:52:52-04:00
all_day = false

# Schedule page publish date (NOT talk date).
publishDate = 2019-03-25T19:52:52-04:00

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Samuel Homiller", "Patrick Meade"]

# Location of event.
location = "Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory"

# Name of event and optional event URL.
event = "HL/HE-LHC Meeting"
event_url = "https://indico.fnal.gov/event/16151/overview"

# Abstract. What's your talk about?
abstract = ""

# Summary. An optional shortened abstract.
summary = "Preliminary results contributed to the HL/HE-LHC Yellow Report on prospects for measuring the Higgs self-coupling at a 27-TeV collider."

# Is this a featured talk? (true/false)
featured = false

# Tags (optional).
#   Set `tags = []` for no tags, or use the form `tags = ["A Tag", "Another Tag"]` for one or more tags.
tags = []

# Markdown Slides (optional).
#   Associate this page with Markdown slides.
#   Simply enter your slide deck's filename without extension.
#   E.g. `slides = "example-slides"` references
#   `content/slides/example-slides.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `slides = ""`.
slides = ""

# Optional filename of your slides within your talk folder or a URL.
url_slides = "https://indico.fnal.gov/event/16151/session/3/contribution/68/material/slides/0.pdf"

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this talk with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter your project's folder or file name without extension.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references
#   `content/project/deep-learning/index.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects = ["di-higgs-production"]

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""
url_video = ""
url_code = ""

# Featured image
# To use, add an image named `featured.jpg/png` to your page's folder.
[image]
  # Caption (optional)
  caption = ""

  # Focal point (optional)
  # Options: Smart, Center, TopLeft, Top, TopRight, Left, Right, BottomLeft, Bottom, BottomRight
  focal_point = ""
+++
