content/talk/future-colliders-shaanxi-2018/index.md, before:

+++
title = "The Higgs Self-Coupling and Future Colliders"

# Talk start and end times.
#   End time can optionally be hidden by prefixing the line with `#`.
date = 2018-04-16T19:53:14-04:00
#date_end = 2019-04-16T19:53:14-04:00
all_day = false

# Schedule page publish date (NOT talk date).
publishDate = 2019-03-25T19:53:14-04:00

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Samuel Homiller"]

# Location of event.
location = "Shaanxi Normal University, Xi'an, China"

# Name of event and optional event URL.
event = ""
event_url = ""

# Abstract. What's your talk about?
abstract = ""

# Summary. An optional shortened abstract.
summary = ""

# Is this a featured talk? (true/false)
featured = false

# Tags (optional).
#   Set `tags = []` for no tags, or use the form `tags = ["A Tag", "Another Tag"]` for one or more tags.
tags = []

# Markdown Slides (optional).
#   Associate this page with Markdown slides.
#   Simply enter your slide deck's filename without extension.
#   E.g. `slides = "example-slides"` references
#   `content/slides/example-slides.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `slides = ""`.
slides = ""

# Optional filename of your slides within your talk folder or a URL.
url_slides = ""

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this talk with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter your project's folder or file name without extension.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references
#   `content/project/deep-learning/index.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""
url_video = ""
url_code = ""

# Featured image
# To use, add an image named `featured.jpg/png` to your page's folder.
[image]
  # Caption (optional)
  caption = ""

  # Focal point (optional)
  # Options: Smart, Center, TopLeft, Top, TopRight, Left, Right, BottomLeft, Bottom, BottomRight
  focal_point = ""
+++

Commit message:

Added Talks and Project Pages
Added talk and project pages.
Put summaries of some talks, and categorized talks and papers by project.
Added project summary pages for SFV and di-Higgs production.

Other minor changes to homepage.

content/talk/future-colliders-shaanxi-2018/index.md, after:

+++
title = "The Higgs Self-Coupling and Future Colliders"

# Talk start and end times.
#   End time can optionally be hidden by prefixing the line with `#`.
date = 2018-04-16T15:30:00+08:00
#date_end = 2019-04-16T19:53:14-04:00
all_day = false

# Schedule page publish date (NOT talk date).
publishDate = 2019-03-25T19:53:14-04:00

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Samuel Homiller"]

# Location of event.
location = "Shaanxi Normal University, Xi'an, China"

# Name of event and optional event URL.
event = "Hang Yuan Physics Lecture (No. 109)"
event_url = "https://www.snnu.edu.cn/info/1086/20373.htm"

# Abstract. What's your talk about?
abstract = "Since its discovery at the LHC in 2012, a number of studies have shown that the Higgs boson has properties very similar to those predicted by the Standard Model. However, virtually no experimental information exists about the Higgs self-coupling, which has important consequences for understanding the electroweak phase transition and physics beyond the Standard Model. In this talk, I will discuss how future proton colliders could measure the Higgs self-coupling and give us insight into early universe cosmology. I will start with a review of Higgs physics and how the self-coupling is related to electroweak symmetry breaking and hence the early universe phase transition. I will then describe how the self-coupling can be measured via Higgs pair production at a hadron collider and summarize the current limits, focusing on the hh-bbϒϒ decay channel. Finally, I will review previous studies on the capabilities of a 100 TeV collider such as FCC-hh at CERN or SPPC in China and preview our results on the capabilities of a 27 TeV collider such as HE-LHC."

# Summary. An optional shortened abstract.
summary = "A discussion of prospects for measuring the Higgs self-coupling via di-Higgs production at future hadron colliders."

# Is this a featured talk? (true/false)
featured = false

# Tags (optional).
#   Set `tags = []` for no tags, or use the form `tags = ["A Tag", "Another Tag"]` for one or more tags.
tags = []

# Markdown Slides (optional).
#   Associate this page with Markdown slides.
#   Simply enter your slide deck's filename without extension.
#   E.g. `slides = "example-slides"` references
#   `content/slides/example-slides.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `slides = ""`.
slides = ""

# Optional filename of your slides within your talk folder or a URL.
url_slides = ""

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this talk with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter your project's folder or file name without extension.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references
#   `content/project/deep-learning/index.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects = ["di-higgs-production"]

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = ""
url_video = ""
url_code = ""

# Featured image
# To use, add an image named `featured.jpg/png` to your page's folder.
[image]
  # Caption (optional)
  caption = ""

  # Focal point (optional)
  # Options: Smart, Center, TopLeft, Top, TopRight, Left, Right, BottomLeft, Bottom, BottomRight
  focal_point = ""
+++
